Rework Ceph RBD migration documentation (#461)
openstack-k8s-operators/data-plane-adoption: docs_user/assemblies/assembly_migrating-ceph-rbd.adoc

= Migrating Red Hat Ceph Storage RBD to external RHEL nodes

> For hyperconverged infrastructure (HCI) or dedicated Storage nodes that are

Author: Done

running {Ceph} version 6 or later, you must migrate the daemons that are
included in the {rhos_prev_long} control plane into the existing external Red
Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) nodes. The external RHEL nodes typically include
the Compute nodes for an HCI environment or dedicated storage nodes.

To migrate Red Hat Ceph Storage Rados Block Device (RBD), your environment must
meet the following requirements:

> * {Ceph} is running version 6 or later and is managed by cephadm/orchestrator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* {Ceph} is running version 6 or later and is managed by cephadm/orchestrator.
```
Instead of "cephadm/ceph orchestrator", is it accurate to say " ...is managed by the Ceph Orchestrator with Cephadm utility"?

Author: I'd just say "managed by Cephadm" to keep things simple and use wording that I'm pretty sure won't confuse customers.
I'll change it to "managed by Cephadm" if it's ok with you.

> * NFS (ganesha) is migrated from a {OpenStackPreviousInstaller}-based

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* NFS Ganesha is migrated from a {OpenStackPreviousInstaller}-based
```

Author: Done

  deployment to cephadm. For more information, see
  xref:creating-a-ceph-nfs-cluster_migrating-databases[Creating a NFS Ganesha
  cluster].
* Both the {Ceph} public and cluster networks are propagated, with
  {OpenStackPreviousInstaller}, to the target nodes.

> * Ceph MDS, Ceph Monitoring stack, Ceph MDS, Ceph RGW and other services have
>   been migrated already to the target nodes;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ceph MDS, Ceph Monitoring stack, Ceph MDS, Ceph RGW, and other services are migrated  to the target nodes.
```

Author: Done

ifeval::["{build}" != "upstream"]

> * The daemons distribution follows the cardinality constraints described in the
>   doc link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/1548993[Red Hat Ceph Storage:
>   Supported configurations]
> endif::[]
> * The Ceph cluster is healthy, and the `ceph -s` command returns `HEALTH_OK`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The daemons distribution follows the cardinality constraints that are described in  link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/1548993[Red Hat Ceph Storage:
  Supported configurations].
endif::[]
* The {Ceph} cluster is healthy, and the `ceph -s` command returns `HEALTH_OK`.
```

Author: Done

> * {Ceph} is running version 6 or later and is managed by Cephadm
> * NFS Ganesha is migrated from a {OpenStackPreviousInstaller}-based
>   deployment to cephadm. For more information, see
>   xref:creating-a-ceph-nfs-cluster_migrating-databases[Creating a NFS Ganesha
>   cluster].
> * Both the {Ceph} public and cluster networks are propagated, with
>   {OpenStackPreviousInstaller}, to the target nodes.
> * Ceph MDS, Ceph Monitoring stack, Ceph MDS, Ceph RGW and other services are
>   migrated to the target nodes;
> ifeval::["{build}" != "upstream"]
> * The daemons distribution follows the cardinality constraints that are
>   described in link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/1548993[Red Hat Ceph
>   Storage: Supported configurations]
> endif::[]
> * The {Ceph} cluster is healthy, and the `ceph -s` command returns `HEALTH_OK`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* {Ceph} is running version 6 or later and is managed by cephadm.
* NFS Ganesha is migrated from a {OpenStackPreviousInstaller}-based
  deployment to cephadm. For more information, see
  xref:creating-a-ceph-nfs-cluster_migrating-databases[Creating a NFS Ganesha
  cluster].
* Both the {Ceph} public and cluster networks are propagated, with
  {OpenStackPreviousInstaller}, to the target nodes.
* Ceph MDS, Ceph Monitoring stack, Ceph MDS, Ceph RGW, and other services are
  migrated to the target nodes.
ifeval::["{build}" != "upstream"]
* The daemons distribution follows the cardinality constraints that are
  described in link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/1548993[Red Hat Ceph
  Storage: Supported configurations].
endif::[]
* The {Ceph} cluster is healthy, and the `ceph -s` command returns `HEALTH_OK`.
```

Author: Done

> The high level procedure that migrates the Ceph Mon daemons is based on th
> following assumptions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The high-level procedure that migrates the Ceph Mon daemons is based on the
following assumptions:
```

Author: I changed this part as per your input and I think we should do a new pass over the sentence.

* It keeps the mon IP addresses by moving them to the target {Ceph} nodes
* It drains the existing Controller nodes that are supposed to be decommisioned
* It deploys additional monitors to the target nodes, and promote them as
`_admin` nodes that administrators can use to manage the {CephCluster} cluster

> and perform day 2 operations.

Reviewer: I'm a little confused about the intent of this list. 

- Does "it" refer to the procedure?
- The "assumptions" look like a list of actions that occur during the procedure. Maybe something like, "During the high-level procedure to migrate the Ceph Mon daemons, the following actions occur:"

Author: ack and thanks for the input! I'll rewrite this block to make it clear what's the intent, and yes, those are high-level actions that describe the procedure that will be described later with more details.

> * the mon IP addresses are moved to the target {Ceph} nodes
> * the existing Controller nodes are drained and decommisioned
> * additional monitors are deployed to the target nodes, and they are promoted
>   as `_admin` nodes that can be used to manage the {CephCluster} cluster and
>   perform day 2 operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The mon IP addresses are moved to the target {Ceph} nodes.
* The existing Controller nodes are drained and decommisioned.
* Additional monitors are deployed to the target nodes, and they are promoted
  as `_admin` nodes that can be used to manage the {CephCluster} cluster and
  perform day 2 operations.
```

Author: Done
